what will soon be available is the
singer luis fonsi at the disposal of
all your fans in the new concert in
Chaimon Raimon was with the
singer and offers us the details good
every holy Saturday has become a
tradition concert in altos de chav贸n and
this time for the platform
president live the coming artist
this this rich port and it is one of the
most beloved of the Dominican Republic
Luis Fonsi is here by my side as
you were brothers happy to be here
happy to share with the public
Dominican Republic and to invite them in several
days in short absence for the concert
in high of chav贸n excited my
first time the first time he sang in
high of chav贸n and I have the opportunity
to be there and witness the magic that
has the place but but now I have the
blessing of being able to step on that stage and
be part of
a very nice story with this
amphitheater so many guests to
celebrate with us that weekend
so so festive clear that yes by
course this concert comes with the
album earth firm what difference does it have?
this tour to the tour that exists
you were here before the palace
sport what are different things that
will have the public that is the
opportunity to appreciate in this new
show many new songs this
it's a tour and like the tours
previous a tour of all my
discs but in our surprises there are
many dances for example on the tour
previous there were not so many bailaoras and now
now they forced me to move more the truth
that sometimes it kind of encouraged me more
on this tour if there's a lot of dancing
there are intimate moments with my guitar
nothing else
with these very much with a lot of swing with
a lot of energy so it's a little bit that
go up and down and good the fact that already
are eight albums are already more songs than
people have listened so
very happy and I go back and I repeat no no no
I get tired of saying how excited I am
I am able to present myself before chan
of course it does look precisely at
purpose 28 years of career there is something
that draws my attention and
the one that we know you as a singer-songwriter
very romantic songs but the
latest albums songs like scream
breathe I do not give up on
occasions as if they transmit a
message of encouragement since we get up already
positive something has happened in life
personalities of luis fonsi or simply you
you understand that as an artist you are
committed to take ministry
I think what happens is that the fact of
that what is important in the fact of
that people have given me the opportunity
of carrying a message and in addition to
sing love songs and sing
Songs of heartbreak is important
bring a positive message to youth
and public and take advantage of the fact that
I have a microphone, a camera in front
mine to say positive words and for
that always inside my album I like
share that positivism breathes not me
I give up embrace life and
take messages always good then to
through facebook and twitter and
then I congratulate you for your entire career
and I know he was on holy Sunday and
come back for now this is the concert
that is set and I think I think that
it's good because I've already shown up
the past on holy Sunday and always
because as an artist it is a challenge to introduce yourself
a new place but that does not mean that
do not come back later because of this I have
many want also someday to be able
introduce myself in santiago there are many things
for doing a lot in many dreams for
meet but for now on April 7 there
we'll be having a good time because all
high guests of chav贸n this next
Saturday holy enjoy with the platform
of the president like that they look nothing else
the special bottle he has made
dedicated to all the fans and with a
autograph also of distances and that
enjoy the president and the
concert next Saturday, April 7 and
Cats, he said thank you very much